docs: Improve English documentation authenticity (#5996)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/env-vars.mdx

## Default variables

> Rsbuild automatically injects environment variables into the code using [source.define](#using-define). These are replaced with specified values during the build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rsbuild by default injects the some environment variables into the code using [source.define](#using-define). These are replaced with specified values during the build:
```
